a great atmosphere it's time for
football there's been a lot of bad blood
throughout the years in this rivalry
if these Eagles and Giants are at each
other's throats every time they
you're lying
let's get this game started
is back and ready to put this one in the
air out of the I formation
Manning sends a man in motion cosplay to
the right the 28th comes up to make the
play at the 47 yard line so we should
see the punter after they fail to
convert on third down
and we're ready to start the second
course he's the defense from the gun
dropping back gets the pass off cram is
there on the stop at the story
Philadelphia New York the Eagles come
out on a nickel pack on the core number
22 comes up to make the play
at the 43 yard line so we should see the
punter after they failed to convert on
third down
fourth and three coming up
and there's the kneel down by the
quarterback
low scoring game as a teens finish less
than a field goal apart for sports
you